=== Persons

==== Page

This provides a page of all the persons present in the system, based on the _request parameters_ as shown.

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/page/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::../{snippets}/persons/page/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/page/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/page/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/page/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Find by id

This will find an person based on the _individual id_ provided as a parameter as shown in *Path Parameters*. The json response will have the specific person as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Path Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/findById/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/findById/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/findById/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/findById/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Find by id In

This will find a list of persons based on the _individual ids_ provided as a parameter as shown in *Request Parameters*. The json response will have the list of persons as shown in the *Sample Response*.

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/findByIdIn/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/findByIdIn/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/findByIdIn/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/findByIdIn/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Search

This search will return a json response listing all the persons, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/advanced/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/advanced/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/advanced/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/advanced/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/advanced/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Export Search

This export will return a stream of specified type containing the search results with the requested fields, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/export/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/export/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/export/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/export/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Export Single Page

This export will return a stream of specified type containing the single page built from the associated export view. An export view must be added to the display view for the type of person.

===== Path Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/export/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/export/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/export/http-request.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/export/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Count

This count will return a json response containing the count, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/count/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/count/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/count/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/count/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/count/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Recently Updated

This will return a json response listing recently updated persons, based on the query parameters as shown in *Request Parameters*.

===== Request Parameters
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/recentlyUpdated/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response Fields
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/recentlyUpdated/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Sample Request
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/recentlyUpdated/http-request.adoc[]

===== Sample Response
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/recentlyUpdated/http-response.adoc[]

===== CURL Sample
include::../{snippets}/persons/search/recentlyUpdated/curl-request.adoc[]
